what's up this is eric from jess Tech
and today I just gotten mail incipio
feather case for the Samsung Galaxy
Nexus so let's take this out and show
you this is all right is the incipio
feather case it's basically just an
ultra phone case um it's less than one
millimeter fin it's durable but it's not
something that you would use you know
say if you dropped it on cement like 10
feet up or something like that nothing
to rough it can't take too much damage
basically is just to add some aesthetics
to the phone and to protect it against
scratches and light drops nothing too
major the very slim case so they do
incipio does sell cases for the Galaxy
Nexus that do handle stuff in that kind
of situation where you taking some real
damage to the phone but this is not one
of them I recently dropped my Nexus so
it has a couple of scratches on the back
and I'm very careful with my phones so I
just wanted something that could cover
up those scratches and they could take
light fall so I'm trying to get this off
you know what I'm going to go off camera
for a minute and I'll be right back with
the open case okay I'm back to get out
those kind of some tough packaging um so
here is case this is uh basically shows
what the product is thinking you hope
you enjoy it and basically some
instructions on how to install it and so
on top side to the side here we have a
little packet it comes with some screen
protectors which is always nice
I don't know what it is it can't take
off packaging we go all right here you
have a cleaning cloth so you wipe off
the dust and so on before applying the
screen protector a squeegee incipio
branded squeegee so you basically while
applying the screen protector make sure
all the bubbles and such are off and you
get one screen protector i believe yeah
one screen protector yeah so it's pretty
cool that they included this but going
to the case this is an incipio feather
case very slim that doesn't really cover
the whole device it's only meant like I
said for aesthetics and small accidents
here you have the cutout for the power
button this isn't seem to be a power
button for the 3-pin dock connector but
so far nothing really takes advantage of
it so it might not even matter here you
have access to the volume control that
is where the speaker would be some sip
your branding cut out for the camera and
that's about it let's get this on my
galaxy nexus okay
also seems to have some soft backing on
the back so it doesn't scratch up your
phone which is always good so it's
pretty simple to get the case on the
very slim device it feels really good in
the hand with the case it doesn't cover
the top or the bottom ok it's a
basically met if you drop it on its back
drop on its corners sides you know would
be fine but if you drop it say that down
this way or this way probably get a
little messed up and it doesn't have the
lip in the front see doesn't have a lip
so you put a face down there's a
possibility of the getting scratch and
it drops that way most likely the screen
could crack or scratch okay so like I
said it feels really good in the hand
you say it's tampered right here so when
you lay your fingers on it very easy to
press the buttons it feels really well
made so yeah it's completely accessible
slim case like I said I just wanted
something to protect from scratches and
just add some aesthetics this case goes
for about twenty-five dollars you can go
to my and Scipio calm and they should
have cases different variety of colors I
believe you have the black which is what
i have here you have like a gray and i
think they have pink and blue as well
personally I'm waiting for the white one
but this would do so hopefully they'll
release a white one and then they have
other cases you know something more
sturdier and they have the hybrids which
is basically like TPU cases but with a
hardback and yeah it's a pretty hefty
price but if you go on ebay or even
amazon you might be able to get a little
cheaper actually only got this for about
15 including shipping instead of the
twenty-five twenty-six dollars jude fan
site
so it's not really hardcore case by any
means so if you're willing to put down
that money or if you find a better deal
it's really good case like it a lot and
it's also real good bonus that it comes
with some screen protectors you know you
might get your values worth I know I
definitely felt like I did I guess I'll
come back in about a week or two and see
my experience with this so this is Error
from death tech till next time